Fix wrong condition for using TAXII 2.0 instead of 2.1 (#33305)
demisto/content: Packs/ApiModules/ReleaseNotes/2_2_22.md

#### Scripts
##### TAXII2ApiModule

> Changed the condition used to determine, which version of TAXII 2 to use - 2.0 or 2.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed implementation of determining the TAXII version to use.
```

Author: I'm fine with the modified sentence, but it should not start with -, as it is against PaloAlto rules for release notes.

Author: https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/documentation/release-notes#md-formatting - for single line change it should be without "-"
